Fix display of 12h times on room details dialog (#6263)
indico/indico: CHANGES.rst

- Fix adding additional event keywords when some keywords have already been set
  (:pr:`6264`, thanks :user:`SegiNyn`)

> - Fix the time display in the room details dialog when a 12 hour locale
>   is used (:pr:`6263`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix overlapping times in some room booking timelines when using a locale with
  12-hour time format (:pr:`6263`)
```

Sounds better IMHO
